hello guys welcome to the toys
of titi today I bring you a machine
jammin amis ice cream
and makes the addict really but not
you have to freeze we have the
fridge or nothing is something magical now this
yamine brand has brought me many
toys to make cookies to make
cupcakes to be up chicken nugget and
spaghetti and all those things and they're all
instant food and good says it is
super kenny that is super small that does not
you have to stop in the fridge that
you can decorate with chocolate and with
little sparkles and they are coming with little steps
little ones for ice creams and 8 ago and
says you do not have to freeze
says it does not frizz and to see it says you have
that mix it up and enjoy it and
well let's do it together and try it
to see how it looks to them if the
let's open and start playing with him
[Music]
let's open the box the box came with
the little machine ice cream here will
see her
beautiful is like a little sanders
vanilla with chocolate and the one with
their beings and something is here and here and the
stop to put us cups and you
Call santi maker and come with those
positives
that inside
comes with a strawberry flavor package
for ice cream two of those comes a
chocolate chocolate package and a
sprint pack with two sprinkles
colors and sweet but with a cup
to mix everything
never came
our neighbors
beautiful milling are little glasses the stress
like a pink glass
this is like a meter to mix
a small spoon
a little side step
one more teaspoon and this is for the
chocolate for the external for the
Chocolate glaze and it's like a
dropper and let's start doing the
mix for the solística ice cream there is that
fill up the line of the powder of the
ice cream and strawberry smell super delicious
let's fill it
little by little
[Music]
ah
and yes you have to put two tablespoons of
Water
although we are going to put a
and 2
and to mix
[Music]
if it seems like a lot because in a
pudding
and now let's mix the mixture of
chocolate and something funny is super
cold I do not know what it has inside but when
the man has mixed I realized
that this one even super cold in the mix
so let's now be chocolate one of
chocolate
and one of water
well and mix
[Music]
and here are our chocolate photos
although now he says that we have to get the
cap
and put the mixture on the side here
[Music]
now we are going to cover it
and move the little button here and let's see
how the ice cream comes out from below
[Music]
Y
because it is
[Music]
let's decorate it with chocolate and a
little mirrors
let's use the cotero that came and in
this chocolate
here
[Music]
and throw it in our rich ice cream
a little more
[Music]
i
and we are missing the springboks
[Music]
and here we have our world the ready
Now I'm very curious to see how
is going to know access to be rich or not and
let's take the first
teaspoonful
they want
[Music]
wow is super sweet 100 sugar the part
On the side, it seems common
frosting of a cake something like that
chocolate is super rich
how funny is super rich super super
sweet but very good with having another
big bite to see
[Music]
ah
I like good guys I hope that you
I really liked this video I had fun
a lot doing these delicious the
habit if you want to see more our series
Give me a like a like and I will
for you until the next
goodbye
[Music]